3072 - Fix selected event with autocomplete (#3305)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[About]` Fixed a bug where the browser language was shown as the locale name, we now show browser language and IDs language and locale separate. ([#2913](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2913))
- `[About]` Fixed a bug where the OS version was duplicated. ([#1650](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1650))
- `[Accordion]` Fixed inconsistency style of focus element after clicking on a certain accordion header. ([#3082](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3082))

> - `[Autocomplete]` Fixed an issue where selected event was not firing when its parent partially overflowing. ([#3072](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3072))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Autocomplete]` Fixed an issue where selected event was not firing when its parent is partly overflowing. ([#3072](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3072))
```
